docs: install xonsh as a core shell (#5504)
xonsh/xonsh: docs/packages.rst

Spelling of ``pip`` command may likewise have to be amended as noted above.

> **core shell:** When xonsh becomes a core shell it's needed to keep python environment with xonsh stable,
> predictable and independent of any changes in the system.
> Use `xonsh-install <a href="https://github.com/anki-code/xonsh-install>`_ for this.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**core shell:** When using ``xonsh`` as a default shell (and we do!), it's important to ensure that it is installed in a
Python environment that is independent of changes from the system package manager.  If you are installing 
``xonsh`` via your system package-manager, this is handled for you.  If you install ``xonsh`` outside of your 
system package manager, you can use `xonsh-install <a href="https://github.com/anki-code/xonsh-install>`_ for this.

```
